### About ###

Korea: A New Dawn (in the future it will just be A New Dawn, right now it only has Korea content) is an alt-history mod for HOI4 that asks the question: "What if Japan's colonies had a larger and more powerful resistance movement?". Kim Il-sung started a rebellion in Hamgyong in July of 1934. This would see the whole state come under the control of a provisional government known as the Democratic People's Republic of Korea over the course of a year or se, being fully consolodated in May of 1935. In this time, a resistance organisation called the KLA would begin growing at a rapid pace. The two resistance movements would sign the Pyongyang accord on the 7th of November 1935, which would see them ally against Japan and begin planning an armed rebellion for late February of 1936. Due to Japanese infiltration of their talks using double agents and wiretaps, the rebellion would be launched early, on the 29th of December, 1935. The Japanese would be caught off guard and huge amounts of equipment would be siezed by the partisans in Pyongyang and Seoul, and the two cities would officially fall on the 31st of December, 1935.

This is where you, the player, come in. Guide Korea (and later Japan, Manchukuo and maybe Mengkukuo) through this time of instability. Break away from Japan, reconquer Korea, puppet Manchukuo and restore the Sengoku period. Schizo to your heart's content!

**THIS MOD IS CURRENTLY IN ITS VERY EARLY STAHES, ONLY THE KOREAN WAR OF INDEPENDENCE HAS BEEN IMPLEMENTED**
